long ago there lived a rich merchant and
he had a beloved daughter whose name was
there was a beauty once a violent storm
sank all his ships with goods and
his family went broke but luck again
smiled the merchant strand and we are not saved
need new outfits and here I am her receipt
forget nothing to bring you what
Okay, but on the way back
lost merchant in the forest and suddenly
something surprising was revealed to him
at home here all the presents are almost
which changed their life and treasure
for whom it is not enough for me a rose for my
his younger daughter he said life is contagious
and if you obey him then she is managing
take me to the females and leave me there
my name I would give my life there
instead of the father do not try to run away
from here
the forest will not let you out someone's castle lock and
everything in it is mine you answer like everything
men i'm disappointed
and I can fulfill all your desires under
the clothes of the prince are hiding monsters wild
alone to know nothing about you
more calm never think about the past you
right i would like to forget about it open
heart for love
if I take you to the castle you will take
other treasures and cover there
if you do not return
I will die
don't let me go to him at my place only
one request only one wish